Add `romus204/tree-sitter-manager.nvim` (#2252)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

## Syntax

- [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter) - Tree-sitter configurations and abstraction layer.

> - [romus204/tree-sitter-manager.nvim](https://github.com/romus204/tree-sitter-manager.nvim) - A lightweight Tree-sitter parser manager for Neovim 0.12+ to replace the archive repository `nvim-treesitter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [romus204/tree-sitter-manager.nvim](https://github.com/romus204/tree-sitter-manager.nvim) - A lightweight Tree-sitter parser manager for Neovim 0.12+ to replace the archived `nvim-treesitter` plugin.
```
